[gentle music playing]
Wakey-wakey. Twinkle Toes!
- [adventurous music playing]
- [grunting]
[groans]
[thuds]
[grunting]
[indistinct chatter]
BA SING SE WELCOMES THE AVATAR
[Momo chitters]
[Sokka] Sai.
[indistinct chatter]
[Zuko grunting]
[somber music playing]
[men chattering in distance]
[man gasps]
- [tense music playing]
- [blade clangs]
- [grunts]
- [vase shatters]
[flames crackling]
[man gasping]
[mysterious music playing]
[exhaling]
[music fades]
[Toph] Smash time. Windbreaker!
[tense music playing]
Sai!
Up and at 'em. Bald Wonder!
[grunts]
[Sokka] Sai!
[Toph] Let's go. Melonhead.
[Sokka] You in there?
Snorebender!
[Sokka] Sai?
- Flight Risk!
- [Aang grunts]
Boomerang!
Bald Sing Sae!
[Aang grunts]
Are you… fighting me?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Toph] Not bad for an Airbender.
[Aang chuckles]
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[soldiers chanting]
Fire Nation military amassing.
This is their rally point.
- There's tank regiments now.
- We need to warn Ba Sing Se. Should I go?
[soldiers yelling indistinctly]
No. I'll go.
[twig snaps]
- [swoosh]
- [warrior grunts]
[choking]
Remember us?
[all grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
Don't you know that fans
just make flames stronger?
[both grunt]
[Toph] You're pretty strong.
[Aang] True.
[Toph] You're good at bending things
that are close to you.
[Aang grunts]
- Very true.
- But you're not subtle.
Sometimes you need to bend things
that are far away.
Like this?
More like this.
[gasps]
Like what?
I knocked a date away from Sokka
with a tiny stone pillar.
- Really?
- Now you try.
- How can I bend something I can't see?
- Whoa!
No. I didn't. I--
Don't apologize.
But your problem
is now suddenly very obvious.
Put this on.
Now you have to see
beyond what you can see.
[Aang] Huh?
[Toph] I can tell that whatever is
in front of your eyes
is a big distraction for you.
Try and bend up a wall behind you.
[inhales deeply. exhales sharply]
[grunts]
No. okay. no. No.
Okay.
Remember when we first met.
how I told you
that everything is vibrating?
This is what I mean.
There's… a secret life of the world
that you need to feel.
A life beneath the sand.
Beneath the rock.
Beneath everything you think you know.
Real life.
If you can feel it.
then you can change it.
[faint rumbling]
[Toph] Now bend
a tiny pillar up on that porch.
Okay.
[exhales sharply]
[inhales sharply. grunts]
[grunts]
[rock scraping]
Did I do it?
[groans]
- [Toph sighs]
- [knocking]
That must be Long Feng.
I gotta go. See ya.
[stammers]
[scoffs]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Zuko sighs]
How's your new job?
[Iroh] Hmm.
[Zuko] This is cold.
Where are the… where are the spark rocks?
When did we get this?
- It looks expensive.
- We needed a new one.
[somber music playing]
It's wonderful to see
the impact you have had on the city.
It's been nice.
I didn't really know
being the Avatar could be like this.
It is how it should be.
What's wrong?
- You know about earthbending.
- Yes.
I used to be. uh… quite good myself.
Do you know about how everything is
vibrating in the secret life to the world?
Or something.
- Mm-mm.
- [sighs]
Toph was telling me. if I focus.
I should be able to feel
what's happening underneath.
The real world.
But I can't seem to get it.
You have a unique nature. Aang.
It's something
that is apparent right away.
You see the good in everyone.
And because you see that goodness.
you can bring it out of people.
Now. I don't pretend
to be an earthbending master.
but it sounds like
what you're trying to do
is distrust the way you see the world.
If you ask me.
I think you should trust your heart.
At least that's how I try to live.
Maybe that's naive?
No.
I think that's what I believe too.
[somber music playing]
[music fades]
Well. well. well…
Isn't this quaint?
- [Sokka] Professor. how'd it go?
- Well. this is all I could find.
[Sokka] Hey.
Unfortunately.
the university library is terrible.
Is that food just… for anyone?
Oh. yeah. help yourself.
Uh. so what's the problem
with the library?
[Zei] It's a disaster.
Hundreds of tomes have been stolen
or censored over the years.
- Why would someone steal books?
- [Zei] Well. knowledge is power.
And power must remain
in the hands of those who fear losing it.
I. of course. believe that knowledge.
for the sake of knowledge itself.
is the purest human pursuit.
It's why I've been searching
for the lost library of the spirits.
Wait. the spirits have a library?
It used to just be outside Ba Sing Se.
but it vanished a hundred years ago.
I would give anything
for a single day to peruse its contents.
Is this mango?
Oh. that one should have
the schematics for a telescope. Yeah.
You must know
all about celestial navigation.
being a seafaring people.
Yeah. Uh. well. this isn't for sailing.
It's for
Avatar purposes.
Oh.
We had a telescope. Or
my friend did.
He's missing.
So I'm gonna try to make my own.
Your friend. How long has he been missing?
[sighs] Weeks. almost since we got here.
Why?
[foreboding music playing]
It's not only books
that go missing in the city.
Over the years.
teachers who asked the wrong questions
or students who tried to organize protests
would suddenly vanish.
Taken.
Taken by who?
I shouldn't have said anything.
Uh… [clears throat]
Uh… [stammers]
Professor. wait. Our… our friend
is key to our mission here.
He's a man of learning. like us.
[Zei sighs]
If your friend was taken.
all of you could be in danger…
from the Dai Li.
The king's guard?
But why would they take Sai?
Did he know something
that might be a threat
to the Earth King's rule over Ba Sing Se?
[indistinct chatter]
[Jin] Enjoy.
Excuse me. Is Mushi here?
No. He took a break.
I think he went to the market.
You're the nephew.
Aren't you?
Yeah.
He's really sweet. you know.
We all call him Uncle.
Though he's pretty shy.
Shy?
Do you know when he'll be back?
No. You wanna come in and wait for him?
Or are you shy too?
[splutters] No.
I'll see him at home. Thanks.
Hey.
Lee. right?
I was wondering when I'd run into you.
Don't you look miserable?
Working stiff. I see.
Hey.
You know. we made a great team
back there on the ferry.
And I got a little something going on
for myself here.
If you're interested.
maybe we can help each other out?
No. thanks.
Come on. It'll be fun.
It's payback for that restaurant
that got torched.
Who do people think did it?
It was a fire.
Obviously. it was the lowlifes
from the Fire Nation district.
The what?
You don't know?
There's a group
of reformed Fire Nation people
living in the old stables across the park.
They're not supposed to firebend
or make trouble.
but trouble's in their blood.
A group of concerned citizens are
going there tonight to discuss the matter.
If some… light rioting
or looting breaks out…
You want in?
I could use someone to watch my back.
[foreboding music playing]
What about your friends?
I'm done with them.
Yeah. they don't see the world
the way that we do.
Meet me at sundown.
It'll be fun.
[music swells. stops]
What about these? I would like…
[indistinct chatter]
The Fire Nation army ravaged this city
when they broke down our wall!
Never forget what those demons did
to our parents.
our families.
to all of us!
Remember their names.
[rumbling]
[solemn music playing]
BLOOD FROM A STONE. REMEMBER.
[poignant music playing]
Never forget the siege.
Stop right there!
Never forget our dead!
Nothing to see here! Get going!
Leave!
Now!
[music fades]
[soldiers chanting]
[soldier] Princess Azula is coming.
[Tran] What? When?
[ominous music playing]
- My princess.
- [Azula] Your perimeter is compromised.
We apprehended spies who could've
reported your movements to Ba Sing Se
and warned the city about the attack.
We will tighten the perimeter at once.
but I must inform you
the attack has been postponed.
Until when?
[Tran] Indefinitely.
Orders arrived this morning
from the Fire Lord himself.
What reason did he give?
He said the timing was unfavorable.
[sighs]
He
gave no reason.
Don't lie to me again.
I don't have time for this.
My brother is in that city.
I was counting on the attack
to give us cover to get in
and hunt him down.
You could order the attack anyway.
I'd bet he'd do anything for you.
There must be some message
your father's trying to send you.
[Azula] You're right.
He approved the plan as his endorsement.
He wouldn't then call it off unless…
he thinks there's a better plan.
He told you your mission
was more important than the attack.
[Ty Lee sighs]
I've been thinking about this a lot. and
it's really weird
that he was put in charge of your attack
when you're the smartest one here.
You're right. Ty Lee.
That was really weird. wasn't it?
- My plan.
- [clatters]
My attack.
My mission.
[sighs]
- You're loyal.
- Yes. Princess.
[Azula] Devoted.
Yes. Princess.
You would do anything I order you to do.
Anything.
Princess.
Good.
[tense chord plays]
[chuckles] What?
- Moon peach wine.
- [Katara] Oh.
Just another bribe
someone left with a marriage proposal.
- [Toph sipping loudly]
- Oh.
Weird.
[Toph sipping]
[Toph sips loudly]
[Toph sips]
[Katara] What are you doing?
What?
[sips loudly]
Okay. what is that?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Is my tea drinking disturbing you
while you're trying to eat?
Yeah. a little.
You know. it's kind of funny.
Because last night.
and every night for a while now.
I have been sound asleep
and then clonk. clonk. clonk.
I hear someone's big old feet
clomping through the house
and out the door.
Okay. I'm not hurting anyone.
In fact. I'm actually helping--
Will you stop that?
Look. I don't need to know
what you're doing or why.
Why would you tell me
you knew I was sneaking out
if you didn't wanna know why?
Because Aang is getting pretty good
at earthbending.
and soon. he's gonna be able
to feel these things the way I do.
So then he'll know.
Right.
And you know how he is about you.
[pensive music playing]
What?
You know. how he acts when you're around.
and he thinks you're…
His friend?
Yeah.
That's… that's what I meant.
That friendship.
It's so… strong. That's definitely why
I said all those words.
Toph. are you--
- [Toph sips]
- [knocking]
You know. that is…
That's probably for me anyway.
So I'm just gonna. uh…
Oh. yeah. uh-huh. Okay. Uh. see ya!
[door opens]
[exhales]
Oh.
Hi there.
Hello. Miss Beifong.
I'm enthralled to make your acquaintance.
Lau Wong. At your service.
Yeah. yeah. Nice to meet you too.
I have a proposal for you.
You sound a little old
to be proposing to someone like me.
[chuckles] No. no. no.
Uh. my proposal
is of a more delicate nature.
It has to do with your parents' business.
Oh. yeah.
Not involved in that. friendo.
but you can shoot your shot if you want.
As I said. this is delicate.
I think we should remove ourselves
from any prying ears.
[scoffs] No way. You've gotta be. like.
the shadiest person
I've met in the city so far.
I'm definitely not following you
to a second location.
[Lau] If you don't hear me out.
I'll send my information
straight to the authorities.
I can assure you that what I know
will be damaging beyond repair
to the Avatar's good standing.
[foreboding music playing]
So. you believe Professor Zei?
You think Sai was taken?
[Sokka] It makes sense why
he hasn't responded of my messages.
[mysterious music playing]
[Sokka] I need to get a look inside.
I'll have to pick the lock.
The messages I left him are gone.
And all of his things.
Sai? Sai?
Oh. I thought Sai was finally back.
What do you mean "finally"?
I haven't seen him
since our first night in Ba Sing Se.
I sent messages to Katara.
asking for help.
- Didn't you guys get them?
- No.
We didn't.
What… is all this?
We found it like this.
You must inform me of your movements
so that I can assist you
as you navigate the city.
There could be serious consequences
for activities like this.
Joo Dee. our friend Sai lives here.
and he's missing.
Of course he's not missing.
He's been employed
in a highly coveted position
with the Ba Sing Se Royal Engineers.
Their work is of incredible value.
so they're housed in the palace.
But no one's heard from him.
I'll look in on him at the palace
and tell him
you inquired about him. Amita.
You see. everything is fine.
[music stops]
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Catch.
Who are you?
Are you Fire Nation?
We are true Fire Nation.
Then what are you doing here?
- Living free.
- [Zuko] Free?
Your whole neighborhood's fenced in.
It's filthy.
We are free
from the warmongering tyranny of Ozai.
You mean Fire Lord Ozai.
He is not my Fire Lord.
I would rather live a hundred years
as the filth of the Earth Kingdom
than spend one more day
under the command of that despot.
What difference does it make to you
how we live?
I just came here to warn you.
There was a fire.
It was an accident. but some men are
coming here tonight to blame you for it.
An accident?
[laughs]
I'm sure you know nothing about it.
I saw how you caught that piece of fruit.
Blazing ring form.
You may have cut your hair.
but you can't cut the fire from your soul.
Just be ready for them.
How?
We're not allowed to bend.
It's a condition of our asylum.
You were the one who chose to live here.
This isn't the first time I've been asked
to fight someone else's battles.
Maybe you can hide. or…
take everyone out of here for the night.
- I don't know.
- We've been warned.
You've done your job.
Now do yourself a favor. boy.
Don't come back here.
Only a fool seeks his own destruction.
[Long Feng] I have news for you.
I was able to confirm
that your friend. Sai.
was brought to the palace.
- He was?
- [Long Feng] It isn't good.
He was brought in by the Dai Li.
not the Royal Engineers.
He was questioned.
Questioned about what?
- The comet?
- No.
Some nonsense
about him being a Fire Nation spy.
[exhales shakily]
Okay.
Technically. he was a spy back in Omashu.
But he was doing it to keep the city safe.
They say he tried to kill the king.
Not on purpose. And Bumi was fine.
That is not good. Aang.
It may have set us back
in our efforts to see the king.
[Aang sighs]
There's something else.
I think someone's been following me.
- The Dai Li?
- [Aang] I don't know.
I'm not sure what to do about it.
Do nothing.
If they're keeping an eye on you.
it's just to make sure
you're not a threat.
As long as you keep out of trouble.
the Dai Li will see that you're worthy
of an audience with the king.
Stay out of trouble. That's his advice?
I don't like any of this. Without Sai.
I'm gonna have to build a telescope.
Look at this.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
[Katara] Why didn't you tell us
that someone was following you?
Sokka tried to tell you
something was wrong.
but you didn't believe it
until Long Feng said it.
I trust Long Feng. He's been helping us.
It's the first time since Gyatso
I actually feel like someone understands
the pressure that I'm under.
We understand.
We've been doing this with you.
[laughs] You have?
'Cause it feels like you've been sleeping
since we got here.
I haven't seen you in days.
Look. we know
you like being the Avatar here.
meeting people. and making people smile--
No. it's… it's not just that.
I've been training with Toph
every single day.
Do you guys want me
to master all four elements
and save the world. stop the war.
don't you?
So what's the problem?
The problem is… it seems like you trust
Long Feng more than you trust us.
Do you even have to think about that?
[tense music playing]
Of course
I trust you guys more.
Okay.
What do we do?
Well. this might come as a shock.
but I actually have a plan.
Whoever's following you
is definitely Dai Li. right?
So. next time you see them.
you use your airbending wiles
and follow them.
Then you can follow them
to Dai Li headquarters.
and maybe we can find Sai there.
You're right. We need intelligence.
- Sokka most of all.
- Yeah. wait.
Your parents truly are brilliant people.
Born at the top. stayed at the top.
Doesn't really take a genius.
[Lau] Mmm.
But you don't know
what the war has been like for business.
They've adapted.
The Beifong Empire consists of
hundreds of smaller companies.
whose connection to your parents is. mmm.
obscured by many layers
of financial mumbo jumbo.
Mmm! Well. you do strike me
as an expert on mumbo jumbo.
[chuckles]
You are charmingly direct.
So I will be direct with you.
I have some documents that prove
that several of these companies
have lucrative contracts
selling pistons. gears.
sheet metal. and more
to a military factory in Jang Hui.
A Fire Nation factory.
[sinister music playing]
My parents always say.
"Business knows no borders."
Yes. Well. I think
the Earth King might feel differently.
There may be no war in Ba Sing Se.
but treason… [tuts]
…is fair game.
[Katara] There's a market up ahead.
You know your way around here?
I've been spending time down here.
So that's where you've been.
Yeah.
You were earthbending.
It's not like you needed me for anything.
And I'm here now. right?
- Yeah. I guess.
- Aang. what's your problem?
Katara.
don't say anything.
Okay.
The spy is behind me in a hat.
Right.
I'll distract Joo Dee.
[whispers] Good idea. Act normal.
Normal.
Oh. Joo Dee.
We were hoping you might help us
with a little shopping.
[Aang chuckles]
As a matter of fact.
I am an expert in the commerce
of the Lower Ring. If you'll follow me.
That would be so helpful.
What we really need is--
Cabbages! Fresh cabbages for sale!
Cabbages.
No charge for you. Of course.
We have much more refined delicacies
in the Upper Ring.
- Oh.
- I just need a few fresh ones.
They're all fresh.
And round.
The roundest in Ba Sing Se.
Very well.
[chuckles] Wonderful. You won't regret it.
Uh. you want the round one?
Cabbages are actually quite elegant.
Each of them are special.
They have their own personalities.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hear that?
Divinity.
This will suffice.
Katara. Aang…
Katara?
Oh! Wait…
- Avatar!
- [man] Hey.
- Katara!
- [man] But…
My cabbages!
[indistinct chatter]
[Jet] It's happening tonight.
The old stables.
- We're gonna make them pay.
- [men] Yes.
[Jet] And not just the ones who did it.
Harbor a fugitive. bleed for a fugitive.
We're gonna get revenge.
For your family.
For your friends.
All of you.
[dramatic music playing]
[music stops]
[indistinct chatter]
[Joo Dee] Avatar. wait!
[tense music playing]
[music stops]
[indistinct chatter]
What is she doing?
Oh. not you. I meant my friend.
Sorry. Excuse me.
[woman] We welcome this eve
to our stage of well-worn boards
a flower called Ting.
[applause]
Through all the long night
Winter moon glows with bright love
Sleet her silver tears
[audience] Oh!
[man] Wonderful. Wonderful.
[woman] Cascading water…
Ow. Yeah. you caught me.
Here I am at a poetry class.
- Toph. what were you doing up there?
- It's none of your business.
Of course it's my business.
Mysterious stuff is happening in the city.
And from what I just saw.
you might be part of it.
- [scoffs] I'm not!
- I don't believe you!
Five. seven. then five
Syllables mark a haiku
Remarkable oaf
[audience laughing]
Oh. I'm no poet.
Just a humble warrior
worried for my friend.
Oh.
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. hey. Toph? Hey. Toph?
He wades in water
Too warm for a floe of ice
Turn around or melt
[applause]
I can't turn around
I can withstand any heat
If it's for my team
- [audience] Ooh!
- [applause]
- Thank you.
- Bending is the team
Water. earth. air. and fire
You contribute none
[audience] Oh!
[audience chuckles]
I was born this way
A
burden I have to bear
You should understand
[scoffs]
Winter calls spring friend
But it longs to frost flowers
Blind is no burden
No!
Blind is your strength
Born
with wealth is a burden
I do understand
[Toph scoffs]
Inquisitive bird
Caves hold secrets that aren't yours
Stay in the clear skies
In any season. I'm as solid as steel
I can keep secrets
A mountain may ask
What keeps the night sky awake
Does it even care?
Yes!
I care about my friends
I care about you
And you are one
Oh man. How many syllables am I on?
Was that…
[audience] Oh!
[laughing]
Oh. okay. Okay.
- Okay.
- [applause]
Not bad for your first time.
Honestly. I don't have any idea
how I was able to go on that long.
[chuckles]
Well. it was nice what you said.
If we really are friends.
you don't have to tell me
what was going on.
I trust you.
Um. okay.
That guy was blackmailing me.
I bought proof from him
that my parents are selling weapons
to the Fire Nation.
Wow. that is way worse
than I thought it was.
- Wait. what did you think it was?
- I don't know. Like. gambling debts or…
You're not gonna tell the others. are you?
No. Like I said. solid as steel.
Besides. we got bigger problems.
Wait. what?
[foreboding music playing]
[man] Your money. Now.
Give me your money.
Now.
No.
Give me your money. or I'm gonna kill you!
I swear I will!
All those names.
[man] What?
What are you talking about?
- It should've been me.
- Shut up!
It should've been me that day.
It should've been me that day!
Just give me your money.
I don't want to.
I don't want to…
I'm just…
I'm just so hungry. [weeps]
I don't wanna kill anyone.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[somber music playing]
Come.
Sit.
Thank you.
[man whimpers]
[indistinct chatter]
[men yelling]
[doors open]
[man] Don't let anyone leave.
I know you're here looking for revenge.
but you're looking in the wrong place.
- [man 2] He lies!
- [man 3] Keep your eyes on them!
- He's lying. They're hiding the culprit.
- [men] Yeah!
I'm hiding nothing!
I was an officer
ordered to do terrible things.
Men. boys… died under my command.
So I deserted the Fire Nation Army.
An act of treason
that saved your people's lives.
[man 4] This is lies.
I risked my life
for you.
[exhales]
He's the one who did it!
- [dramatic music swells]
- [men yelling]
[men clamoring]
[grunting]
[man yelling]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[man bellows. groans]
[grunting continues]
[groans]
[thuds]
[uplifting music playing]
[grunting]
[man grunting]
[stick clatters]
[all grunting]
[music fades]
Fire Nation scum!
[suspenseful music playing]
[both grunting]
[cries out] Ah!
Katara?
Why are you helping these people?
They're Fire Nation!
[mysterious music playing]
[men clamoring]
[mysterious music swells]
[suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
The tea shop I work at
is located in the Lower Ring.
You should come by.
Perhaps I can put in a good word for you.
At the very least. you can enjoy
a nice hot cup of jasmine tea.
No.
[poignant music playing]
[man crying]
There are people in this city I can help.
If only I could have helped you.
my son.
[sentimental music continues]
[music fades]
[grunts softly]
[groans]
Who are you?
Where's Sai?
I know you.
- You're from the Outer Wall.
- [Sung] Yes. he is.
And we didn't take your friend.
General Sung.
The Dai Li have spies everywhere.
and we needed to talk to you in secret.
It's a great risk for me and my soldiers
to come into the city.
The army controls the Outer Wall.
The Dai Li controls the city.
and they don't want us talking.
[Aang] Why not?
[Sung] Because there is
a massive Fire Nation army
assembling out there.
An attack is imminent.
But you said there is no war
in Ba Sing Se.
What did you expect me to say
at the palace?
The party was crawling with Dai Li agents.
This is why…
Look. we don't have long
before your Dai Li handler
launches an extensive search for you.
My handler?
Joo Dee.
You said you have an urgent message
for the Earth King.
I can help you deliver it to him
if you help me rally him to action.
What is it you needed to tell him?
You knocked me out and kidnapped me.
How can I trust you?
The leader of the Kyoshi Warriors. Suki.
told me something
when I asked for her help.
Words you said to her a long time ago.
That where you're from.
people helped each other.
That is the world we want to bring back.
[sighs]
The Great Comet's on its way back.
The comet
that gives Firebenders extreme power.
It's how they were able to wipe out
the Air Nomads a hundred years ago.
Do you know when it will arrive?
That's why I followed your lieutenant.
I thought he was Dai Li.
They locked up
the one person who has proof. Sai.
Long Feng has been
the only one helping us to find him.
Long Feng?
He's been our strongest ally in the city.
He's helping us try
and get around the Dai Li.
[Sung] Aang.
Long Feng is the Dai Li.
No. that's not true.
The Dai Li are the king's guards.
Operating under Long Feng's command.
He and only he controls the Dai Li.
You cannot trust him.
No! You're wrong. Long Feng is my friend.
[Sung] Has Long Feng ever let you
meet with the king?
This was a mistake.
Avatar. wait!
[dramatic music playing]
I need to see the Earth King.
I demand to see the Earth King right now!
Aang.
What a surprise.
I wanna see the Earth King.
Like I told you.
it is easier said than done.
There's the Fire Nation army
just beyond the wall.
Did you know?
We are quite safe from any army here.
You should know that by now.
There is no war in Ba Sing Se.
It's late.
Why don't I ask Joo Dee
to escort you home?
I'll see you in the morning.
Who are you?
I'm Joo Dee.
No. thank you.
I'll see myself out.
Have a good night. Aang.
And remember. you and I.
we're in this together.
[music swells]
[music fades]
[door opens]
[Aang] Where'd you go?
Aang. I have to tell you something.
Joo Dee came running in
five seconds after I left.
Almost blew the whole thing.
- I'm sorry.
- [Aang] It's fine.
I didn't even need you. I… dealt with it.
I said I'm sorry. I…
[somber music playing]
What's going on?
Did you find who was following you?
Yeah.
I did.
And. guys. we're in big trouble.
[mysterious music playing]
[Azula] You don't have to worry
about that Fire Nation army any longer.
This is their general.
He resisted. but he was no match.
We welcome the renowned Kyoshi Warriors
back to Ba Sing Se.
[dramatic music playing]
[adventurous music playing]